README.md, before:


Instagram Stories Sharing for Cordova
======

## Fork changes
Made to work with Cordova Android v11 and adjusted code to make background and sticker sharing work.
Background image URL is expected to be JPEG

This is a simple plugin that allows to share content to Instagram Stories using Facebook's API Documentation: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram/sharing-to-stories/

## Installation

`cordova plugin add https://github.com/gregavola/cordova-plugin-instagram-stories`

## Usage

```
IGStory.shareToStory(
    opts,
    success => {
      console.log(success);
    },
    err => {
      console.error(err);
    }
  );
```

### Options

| optionKey  |  Type  |  Description  |
|---|---|---|
| appId | string (required) | Facebook App ID
| backgroundImage  | string (Optional) | Fully Qualified URL (not a file:// url, must be a remote url) to be background Image  |
|  stickerImage | string (Optional)   | Fully Qualified URL (not a file:// url, must be a remote url) to be the sticker Image  |
|  attributionURL |  string (Optional) |  A link back to the app when a user clicks it (this is a beta feature and requires approval from Facebook |
|  backgroundTopColor |  string (Optional) |  A hex color to be used when you don't pass a backgroundImage. If you pass both, backgroundImage is used and this is disregarded |
|  backgroundBottomColor |  string (Optional) |  A hex color to be used when you don't pass a backgroundImage. If you pass both, backgroundImage is used and this is disregarded |

Commit message:

Fixed iOS Implementation regarding including appID correctly

README.md, after:


Instagram Stories Sharing for Cordova
======

## Fork changes
Both Android and iOS now work with latest Meta changes regarding requiring appID

Made to work with Cordova Android v11 and adjusted code to make background and sticker sharing work.
Background image URL is expected to be JPEG

This is a simple plugin that allows to share content to Instagram Stories using Facebook's API Documentation: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram/sharing-to-stories/

## Installation

`cordova plugin add https://github.com/gregavola/cordova-plugin-instagram-stories`

## Usage

```
IGStory.shareToStory(
    opts,
    success => {
      console.log(success);
    },
    err => {
      console.error(err);
    }
  );
```

### Options

| optionKey  |  Type  |  Description  |
|---|---|---|
| appId | string (required) | Facebook App ID
| backgroundImage  | string (Optional) | Fully Qualified URL (not a file:// url, must be a remote url) to be background Image  |
|  stickerImage | string (Optional)   | Fully Qualified URL (not a file:// url, must be a remote url) to be the sticker Image  |
|  attributionURL |  string (Optional) |  A link back to the app when a user clicks it (this is a beta feature and requires approval from Facebook |
|  backgroundTopColor |  string (Optional) |  A hex color to be used when you don't pass a backgroundImage. If you pass both, backgroundImage is used and this is disregarded |
|  backgroundBottomColor |  string (Optional) |  A hex color to be used when you don't pass a backgroundImage. If you pass both, backgroundImage is used and this is disregarded |
